docs: update group name and corresponding output folder names (#1280)
Azure/aks-engine: docs/topics/windows.md

Get the paths to `azuredeploy.json` and `azuredeploy.parameters.json` from the last step, and pass them into `az group deployment create --name <name for deployment> --resource-group <resource group name> --template-file <...azuredeploy.json> --parameters <...azuredeploy.parameters.json>`

```console
$ az group deployment create --name k8s-win1-deploy --resource-group k8s-win1 --template-file "./_output/wink8s1/azuredeploy.json" --parameters "./_output/wink8s1/azuredeploy.parameters.json"
```

After several minutes, it will return the list of resources created in JSON. Look for `masterFQDN`.

```json
      "masterFQDN": {
        "type": "String",
        "value": "wink8s1.westus2.cloudapp.azure.com"
      },
```

> A dnsPrefix which forms part of the the hostname for your cluster (e.g. staging, prodwest, blueberry). The DNS prefix must be unique so pick a random name. In case you have not modified the dns prefix, it might error out.

Reviewer: This isn't a full sentence, and I'm not sure what it relates to. Is this necessary here?

Author: DnsPrefix has to be unique as this is global resource and can get into errors if some other user has it under his/her name.
It is more about letting the user know to make it unique.  Wasn't sure how to add this so took a cue from the other documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The DNS prefix provided is used to generate the hostname of the cluster (e.g. staging, prodwest, blueberry), and must be unique for each cluster deployment.
```

Reviewer 2: @mboersma thoughts?

Reviewer: That fixes it. 👍

Reviewer: @munishm if you're ok with Cécile's change above, we're ok with this PR. Thanks again!
